hi Ron welcome to the I could just
package managers a weekly thing from 10
to 15 20 19 I am taking a brain I will
be your host go around the room and give
some updates again no please Thanks one
day Dominic one day I was at the last
poem oh yes cool okay I can if that's so
last week yes we published the rc4 the
new chase ipfs that's very exciting so
we've got like some missing missing API
it's being implemented and some
performance improvements for uploading
stuff in the browser it's going to be
[Music]
added laser automation so we won't leave
with examples that get run and oh wow
it's tedious running those examples and
now they're all automated through my
browser automation and general general
testing tasks which is great I'm blocked
on UNIX FS so I was really able to
hopefully to be able to do this release
that has in a metadata in it metadata
but we're still waiting for Steven to
put his thoughts down on how the
metadata should get added to the
directory and so I can't really do
anything on that so I've been picking up
lots of joy I give her stuff so next up
is as part of the async/await refactor
so the loads of the api's are now
becoming all streaming all the time and
we've started using fetch to access them
over the HTTP API and the interesting
thing about fetch is that it brings
browser semantics for for requests to
node and one of those browser semantics
is that it doesn't support HTTP trailers
which is problematic for us because
that's where all the errors go if you're
using the streaming API and so in the
browser for all time and now node as
well
a streaming API and you're halfway
through the stream then error occurs and
the stream just stops and you don't get
an error which is really tedious so I'm
going to start looking at how to upgrade
our HTTP API to not dealer so it will
involve things from Jeff's work and
somehow worked to so that we can get
some kind of release now that's support
for that back in any questions anyway
just do a JSI pick your best release
this is just that the sixth cadence is
actually yeah kicking off the next Ric
happened shortly after we've launched
the previous one yeah exactly and you
know I think it's better to do lots of
small releases than big bang releasing
totally okay with that I do is there
we're just automating as much as
possible to say now like the only kind
of manual thing to do is going to be to
look into any failures for running third
way repos and then just to gather
feedback from early testers which would
hopefully be pre low impact so it's not
going to like consume someone's time
like as a full time kind of thing which
it kind of hasn't until now
that's awesome good work I donate 20k
yeah sure
so mostly I've just been iterating on
the PR that I have up for this 90 server
it's at a point now where it seems
pretty stable and I'm writing a bunch of
tests and and just testing now there are
some known issues that I'm working on
that are listed in there and then I know
Stephen said he would take a look at it
and check out basically the the changes
that have been done to it but it seems
to be working pretty well and is
somewhat performant and then with that
in place with like a stable the biggest
issues I've had up to this point have
been context related and like protocol
compliance so with those out of the way
we should now have
like confidence in the operations
performing in the pipeline that they're
expected to work in so that should make
writing not like more feasible or less
feasible but like those will we can make
guarantees around them and make tests
for them that should guarantee things so
to sum that up basically the the
read-only portions are are good and then
the writable portions are coming soon
after and then test for them will follow
and hopefully this should be close to
being able to be merged at least in an
experimental stage the read-only
portions at least and then the right
right will follow but yeah that's it for
me I've got like more detailed stuff in
the notes there but yeah that's it
any questions on that
I'm just hearing a general that people
are blocked on Stephen and I believe
Stephen is mostly out this week in
vacation in Japan so
that's we should we should aim to do
better in the future around getting
people unblocked before people go on
vacation but just a small that I think I
think Alex mentioned it as well where we
definitely blocked on that but there is
other stuff that we're certainly doing
yeah totally
make sense
I guess I can go next I have minimal
things to say I was at Def Con last week
which was very interesting there'll be a
trip report shortly which talks about
some of the takeaways and observations
and conversations with people hallway
track was a big component of it but the
thing that I know is still on my plate
from our last meeting is sending intro
emails to some of the folks on the
package mentor side that we want to
consume some of these changes that were
were landing this quarter and so that's
on my docket I would like to do that but
I want to make sure that the the emails
that I send have kind of a partner on
the other side where it's like cool like
openSUSE like we would like to land this
thing here is the person who is working
on that thing let's like create a closer
tie of communication um do we do we know
which which one is which like his
openSUSE the mound and Geeks is unix sp2
they're UNIX in a suit 1.5 and so I
intro Dominic to openSUSE and I intro
Alex to geeks I mean you already know
geeks as well as I do probably Alex but
just in terms of kicking off like hey
this is what we're playing a and next
steps and do we feel confident that I
should send those emails now or should I
wait another week I think until I see
geeks is requirement was the executable
bit and until we have a story about how
I got she's gonna implement now I
wouldn't I wouldn't send the email for a
business there's nothing to say because
nothing nothing's really changed for
them and since since IP those camps
yeah I think the I was just going to say
likewise on my end the when it comes to
like setting up a package repository to
do C sub packages that's something that
kind of the the now should at least be
in a state where rights are maybe not
tested but at least up and running
before we do that so maybe another week
would be good
yeah I can totally wait another week my
aim is to also give them enough lead
time where it's not like hi please do
this right now
because that's not always feasible for
people but you're right that like hey we
would like this thing in like three
weeks is a rather overly forward-looking
statement perhaps and so we should at
least have have a plan nailed down on
our end we're like these are the things
that we are going we foresee happening
and this is our high-level vision so to
Alex's point we kind of need the UNIX
fSV 1.5 stack at the very least such
that we can describe exactly how they're
executable that would fit into the mode
okay I will then hold off on my action
item for another week
perfect glad I wasn't locking anyone
while I was out and we can revisit I'm
moving this to block done any other
things
nothing for me cool chugging along I've
been watching Dirk's continued progress
on on bit swap stuff I'm sure he'll give
us kind of an async update and the notes
maybe but seems like continued
improvements using the the have and
don't have messages to optimize not
sending duplicate blocks which is snazzy
and exciting and hopefully well we'll
get a a sync update from him on exactly
all of the thinking and experimentation
that's gone into that
cool I guess we can end a little early
then all right I'll stop recording and
thank you very much everyone see you on
the Internet in the future all right
baby